This code was written by Shuangchi He, and modified by Anton Braverman.

The purpose of the code is to compute the steady-state customer count 
distribution of the M/C_2/n+M and M/H_2/n+M queueing systems; the code for the former
is contained in the Coxian folder, while the latter is in the Hyperexponential folder.
The distribution for each system is computed
exactly using the matrix-analytic method, and approximately by using 
a diffusion approximation. 

A user wishing to use the Coxian code should focus on only a few files:

MA_C2.m
DF_Overloaded.m
plots.m
generator.h

MA_C2.m can be run to compute the exact stationary distribution. The output 
of that script should be saved to a .mat file. For example, 
maC2_n_10_rho_08_cs_24.mat is a file generated by the script.

DF_Overloaded.m should be run to compute the stationary distribution 
of the diffusion approximation. The output should again be saved to an external
.mat file. 

Once the .mat files with the stationary distributions have been generated, 
plots.m is a script to produce performance metrics of interest. This can be modified
as needed based on the required performance metrics.

There are two possible diffusion approximations to use. One with constant diffusion 
coefficient, and one with state-dependent diffusion coefficient. 
The file generator.h should be used to choose between the two. Simply comment/uncomment 
the appropriate blocks of code in that file, and rerun DF_Overloaded.m. 

Any time any of the c++ code is modified, you must run the commands
'mex lecoeffs.cpp' and 'mex rpdens.cpp' in MATLAB to recompile the programs.

To run the Hyperexponential code, a similar procedure needs to be followed.
